doc: develop: west: manifest: explain usage of PR as project revision (#111190)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/develop/west/manifest.rst

       - name: proj3
         url: https://github.com/user/project-three
         revision: abcde413a111
       - name: proj4
         url: https://github.com/user/project-four

>          revision: pull/69/head

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         revision: pull/69/head  # GitHub Pull Request
```

  Its local path defaults to its name, ``proj3``. Commit ``abcde413a111`` will
  be checked out when it is next updated.

- ``proj4`` is like ``proj3``, but instead of a commit, the branch of PR ``69``

>   will be checked out when it is next updated.

Reviewer: Please drop this, a comment above is enough.

       ``revision`` value from the ``defaults`` subsection will be used if
       present.

>        A project revision can be a branch, tag, SHA, or a PR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       A project revision can be any fetchable git reference: branch, tag, SHA, pull request,...
```
